Update docker setup guide - Closes 1647 (#1701)
LiskHQ/lisk-service: docs/antora/modules/ROOT/pages/setup/docker.adoc

:url_docker_linux_post_install: https://docs.docker.com/install/linux/linux-postinstall/
:url_xcode: https://developer.apple.com/xcode/features/

:lisk-docs: ROOT::
:url_index_usage: index.adoc#usage
:url_setup: setup/index.adoc
:url_core_setup_npm: master@lisk-core::setup/npm.adoc
:url_config: configuration/docker.adoc
:url_management: management/docker.adoc
:url_references_config: configuration/index.adoc
:url_build_blockchain:  {lisk-docs}build-blockchain/create-blockchain-app.adoc

:url_core_setup_binary: master@lisk-core::setup/binary.adoc

How to set up Lisk Service and connect it to a local Lisk Core node.

[NOTE]
====
*Pre-requisite*

Lisk Service is a web application middleware that allows interaction with various blockchain networks based on the Lisk protocol.
It is recommended to set up a blockchain node first, before setting up Lisk Service.

> * To set up a Lisk-Core node, see any of our setup guides, such as xref:{url_core_setup_npm}[].
> * Alternatively, you can setup up a sidechain node to connect to Lisk Service.

Reviewer: Could you also please add a note to emphasize that setting the `system.keepEventsForHeights: -1` in the config is very important when setting up the node?

```suggestion
* To set up a Lisk-Core node, see any of our setup guides, such as xref:{url_core_setup_npm}[].
* Alternatively, you can setup up a sidechain node to connect to Lisk Service.
* Please make sure to set `system.keepEventsForHeights: -1` in the node config before synchronizing the node with the network.
```

> * Alternatively, you can setup up a node for a sidechain, as described in the xref:{url_build_blockchain}[] section.

Reviewer 2: Imho link to the developer guides are not fitting here. Probably, a direct link to the app-registry would be cool here, once it is available.

For now, maybe you can just link to the sidechain definition https://lisk.com/documentation/beta/understand-blockchain/interoperability/index.html#mainchain-sidechains

```suggestion
* Alternatively, you can setup up a sidechain node to connect to Lisk Service.
```

Ensure the port which allows external services communication with the Lisk Service APIs is open.

> - The *default* API port for *HTTP* & *WebSocket* is: `7887`

Reviewer 2: I don't think the port changed

Clone the {url_github_service}[lisk-service^] GitHub repository and then navigate into the project folder.

.Execute in the directory where you want to store Lisk Service
[source,bash]
----
git clone https://github.com/LiskHQ/lisk-service.git
cd lisk-service
git checkout v0.7.0
----

== Build Lisk Service

To build Lisk Service from local files, first, navigate to the `lisk-service` repository on your system:

> .Working directory: /lisk-service/

Reviewer: Using root directory maybe a wrong assumption. Maybe use the relative path?
```suggestion
.Working directory: ./lisk-service/
```
or
```suggestion
.Working directory: <download_directory>/lisk-service/
```

[source,bash]
----
# Lisk ecosystem configuration
LISK_APP_WS=ws://host.docker.internal:7887 
----

> The aforementioned example assumes that the blockchain node e.g. Lisk Core node is running on the host machine, and not inside of a Docker container.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The `example.env` assumes that the blockchain node e.g. Lisk Core node is running on the host machine, and not inside of a Docker container.
```

I would also move this statement above the code snippet.

[source,bash]
----
# Lisk ecosystem configuration
LISK_APP_WS=ws://host.docker.internal:7887 
----

The `example.env` assumes that the blockchain node e.g. Lisk Core node is running on the host machine, and not inside of a Docker container.

> When running a blockchain node inside of a Docker container, the following variable needs to refer to the container:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When running a blockchain node inside of a Docker container, the following variable needs to refer to the container. For this to work, the container running the blockchain node and the Lisk Service Blockchain Connector container must share the same docker network:
```

..env
[source,bash]
----
# Lisk ecosystem configuration
LISK_APP_WS="ws://<your_docker_container>:7887"
----

TIP: For a complete list of supported environment variables check the xref:{url_references_config}[].

== Starting Lisk Service

Run the following command to start Lisk Service:

> .Working directory: /lisk-service/

Reviewer: Same as above.

== Stopping Lisk Service
You can stop Lisk Service again with the following command:

.Working directory: /lisk-service/
[source,bash]
----
make down
----

> More commands about how to manage Lisk Service are described on the xref:{url_management}[Docker commands] page.

Reviewer 2: Docker commands hasn't been updated, yet. Please comment out the link to the page.

== Stopping Lisk Service
You can stop Lisk Service again with the following command:

> .Working directory: /lisk-service/

Reviewer: Same as above.
